Tell me about yourself?
->I am shubham Waghmare currently I am located in Pune. I have done my BE in Information technology from Pune uni. I have been working with TCS for the past 2 years 
I have hands-on experience in building data analytics solutions, performing exploratory data analysis, and statistical analysis along with data also have relevant experience in building machine learning models and developing real-time dashboards and other business KPIs using my skills in Python, SQL(Advanced), Machine Learning, Excel, and PowerBI. parallelly I am doing an external course in the data science domain from Ineuron.

I believe I am somebody with a strong work ethic because I love challenging env.I also love building relationships and maintaining a balanced team I am looking forward to take my career to the next level and that's why I applied for this job because I feel this is the right opportunity for me to exhibit my skills and advance them.


1. What is your greatest weakness 
->I find it difficult to ask for help but I'm starting to realize that in order to learn new skills and balance my workload it's often necessary to ask for help.
recently I reached out to one of my seniors to clarify a few doubts she shared some strategies that could improve the project I am working On.
And I feel that if I never asked them for missing out on those benefits


2. Are you still using the same skills on your resume !
->Strategic leadership,driving innovation ,inquisitive natureto drive improvements, sharp eye for detail, deliverable oriented

3.Are you applying in other companies as well ?
->Yes i have applied in some of the reputed companies likeX,Y,Z above all my priority is to land a job in your company I do have a couple of interviews lined up in x,y and x companies for the position of a but with my preference i can tell this position has  the challenges that I am looking for 
->I am still pretty early in my job search i am not currently interviewing with any other companies to focus on securing a position in your company I am hoping to use my skills to help the compay grow and your comapny's position seems to offer the best opportunities to meet my goals

I always collaborate to meet the team's objective.
I am meticulous and always have the end goal in mind.
I am solution driven while dealing with problems and conflicts.


what motivates you ?
->I really love connecting to the people and the getting opportunity to solve all the customer problems. Especially it involves improving my skills and my passion for the career as well.

How are you?
->I am doing great and quite excited about the interview. Feeling energetic and am really lookig forward for great day ahead. really excited to start a new chapter of my life

do you have any questions for us ?
->what is company culture like.
what's the overall management style of the company.
May I know what are the goals that the company has for the next few years.
what does the on boarding process look like.
what are the priority being in this position.

what is your strenght?
->being an organized person both physically and mentally has been one of my biggest strenght throughout my life.I am solution driven while dealing with problems and conflicts.

why should we hire you.
I have been working with TCS for past 2 years. Where I got hands on experinece in Data science domain.but considering all my skillsets I looking for a job where I can apply those skills in real wprld problems also I feel I am ready for new challenges and an opportunities to use my technical skills and experience. 
this are the reasons for looking for job change.



->I am very adaptive and flexible to learn new things and I am sure this is valuable quality tha I wll bring to the table I have the attitude skills confidence to excel in this job so if given a chance I will surely work on developing my expertise and excel in this role i assure you that i can give my full potential contribute to the growth of the org

where do you see yourself in 5 years/
->over the next few years I see myself going through various roles in this org I literally want to deeper my leadership skills so that I can make a greater impact. A few of the goals that I have set for myself 
over the next few years includes acquiring management skills withing my position so thaht I can upskill my knowledge I also revived your website before the interview and I was drawn to training programs that your company offers I would to learn new skills and grow withing my position.

why are you leaving your current jo  
I am working with TCS org I am not getting more opportunities from my current role related to my skills.so looking for more challenges to enhance my skills

 I re-evaluate my career goals and I decided a change was needed I am enjoying most aspects currently I am not getting more opportunities in my current role related to my skills but in my next role, I want to make a greater impact by contributing to different business areas.

What is your salary expectation?
I am hoping for something between the range of A and B but I am definitely open to negotiating based on your package for this role. O would love to learn more about he company and your responsibilities from you before we discuss the number.

why do you want to work with us?
Considering my skill set which I have mentioned in my resume I think I am better at those.the candidate which you are looking for GA and DS I am perfectly fitting that position.Also EXL is is comes under top most notch if we consider the AI and ML domains.here I will get to work on different different domain where I will get emmense knowledge and hands on experience I think that will be better for my career growth.


I have worked in this  field for about 2 years and yet no company is as distinctive as yours I recently
learnt that your company values X that's what motivated me to apply here bcz I share that belief I wolud really like to work somewhere that complements both my skills set and values I believe your company is the right place for me. 

why do you want to work here?


https://drive.google.com/file/d/1X-8NG8VKoTbSKZ09L2DV7vlg7hNIeb1Y/view?usp=sharing

considering my all skillset which i have mentioned in my resume I think I am prefect fit for this role and responsibility.In my previous job I need to interact with client. I doing external online courses to get more deep knowldeged about the domain so this will be helpfull for future project and I am also pretty excited to apply that knowledge in real world problem. I am flexibke to work I plan according to the priority of task. i assure you that i can give my full potential contribute to the growth of the org.

what is work culture is there.

connecx.

this solution helps them to empower employees to better customer experience.our AI powered analytics driven solution connectes data across business silos giving you 

EXL has been global learder by providing 





















































































