Tell me about yourself?
->born and raised in Maharashtra I qualified as a bachelor in Pune I completed from SIT over the past 2 years I have worked with both TCS org to help them sort out client problems I believe I am somebody with a strong work ethic bcz I love challenging env  I also love building relationships and maintaining a balanced team I am looking forward to take my career to the next level and that's why I applied for this job bcz I feel this is the rgt opportunity for me to exhibit my skills and advance them.


1. What is your greatest weakness 
->I find it difficult to ask for help but I'm starting to realize that in order to learn new skills and balance my workload it's often necessary to ask for help.
recently I reached out to one of my seniors to clarify a few doubts she shared some strategies that could improve the project I am working On.
And I feel that if I never asked them for missing out on those benefits


2. Are you still using the same skills on your resume !
->Strategic leadership,driving innovation ,inquisitive natureto drive improvements, sharp eye for detail, deliverable oriented

3.Are you applying in other companies as well ?
->Yes i have applied in some of the reputed companies likeX,Y,Z above all my priority is to land a job in your company I do have a couple of interviews lined up in x,y and x companies for the position of a but with my preference i can tell this position has  the challenges that I am looking for 
->I am still pretty early in my job search i am not currently interviewing with any other companies to focus on securing a position in your company I am hoping to use my skills to help the compay grow and youor comapny's position seems to offer the best opportunities to meet my goals

I always collaborate to meet the team's objective.
I am meticulous and always have the end goal in mind.
I am solution driven while dealing with problems and conflicts.


what motivates you ?
->I really love connecting to the people and the getting opportunity to solve all the customer problems. Especially it involves improving my skills and my passion for the career as well.

How are you?
->I am doing great and quite excited about the interview. Feeling energetic and am really lookig forward for great day ahead. really excited to start a new chapter of my life

do you have any questions for us ?
->what is company culture like.
what's the overall management style of the company.
May I know what are the goals that the company has for the next few years.
what does the on boarding process look like.
what are the priority being in this position.

what is your strenght?
->being an organized person both physically and mentally has been one of my biggest strenght throughout my life I balanced my assignment dealines club meeting and so muc more together I know thisrole will involve a lot of expectation challenges where I will be expecting to showcase my organisational skills and adopt quickly I believe I have alot of offer

why should we hire you
->I am very adaptive and flexible to learn new things and I am sure this is valuable quality tha I wll bring to the table I have the attitude skills confidence to excel in this job so if given a chance I will surely work on developing my expertiseand excel in this role i assure you that i can give my full potential contribute to the growth of the org

where do you see yourself in 5 years/
->over the next few years I see myself going through various roles in this org I literally want to deeper my leadership skills so that I can make a greater impact. A few of the goals that I have set for myself 
over the next few years includes acquiring management skills withing my position so thaht I can upskill my knowledge I also revived your website before the interview and I was drawn to training programs that ypur company offers I would to learn new skills and grow withing my position.

why are you leaving your current jo  
I am working with TCS org I am not getting more opportunities from my current role related to my skills.so looking for more challenges to enhance my skills

 I re-evaluate my career goals and I decided a change was needed I am enjoying most aspects of my current currently I am not getting more opportunities in my current role related to my skills but in my next role, I want to make a greater impact by contributing to different business areas.

What is your salary expectation?
I am hoping for something between the range of A and B but I am definitely open to negotiating based on your package for this role. O would love to learn more about he company and your responsibilities from you before we discuss the number.

why do you want to work with us?
I have worked in this  field for about 2 years and yet no company is as distinctive as yours I recently
learnt that your company values X that's what motivated me to apply here bcz I share that belief I wolud really like to work somewhere that complements both my skills set and values I believe your company is the right place for me. 

why do you want to work here?






















































































